all right um my check we go all right
just start off with the bars the fit
highest ok then I got red hoodie eyes
okay got the profile acoustics them I
got pitch shift tues
I got a flat Reuben foldable front lace
to our money on a Eastern the wall next
to an Eastern Road then I got a from
Salt Forge peg okay animal headset I'm
gonna pull over okay and I got the
solitary frame this is the box water on
leave the people throw three piece I'm
spindle cranks I'm each spline drive um
then I got an Eastern sprocket just the
kmc train some obviously twisted pillows
okay um no idea woke up see processes
you have demolition DFAS eat and I got a
salt petrol tire in the back and it's on
backwards I have no idea
I just saw that it is on to point 25
then I got on a primo mix place to a fly
bikes back up I mean back um rip so yeah
yes we'll do a sound check
okay then they got the same peg as a new
part in the back and the roster spring
for my prima make so used two piece of
the measuring tape so yeah it's all good
that's my bride
yep better